Our theme this year is "A Timeless Tradition," and the decorations in each room reflect some of our country's most cherished pastimes-from saluting our troops and their families to helping children dream big dreams for their future.
 
And we've invited thousands of families here to the White House to enjoy the festivities-because there's no holiday tradition more timeless than opening our doors to others.
 
THE PRESIDENT: Today, like millions of Americans and Christians around the world, our family celebrates the birth of Jesus and the values He lived in his own life. Treating one another with love and compassion. Caring for those on society's margins: the sick and the hungry, the poor and the persecuted, the stranger in need of shelter-or simply an act of kindness.
 
That's the spirit that binds us together-not just as Christians, but as Americans of all faiths. It's what the holidays are about: coming together as one American family to celebrate our blessings and the values we hold dear.
 
During this season, we also honor all who defend those values in our country's uniform. Every day, the brave men and women of our military serve to keep us safe-and so do their families.
 
THE FIRST LADY: So as we sing carols and open presents, as we win snowball fights...
 
THE PRESIDENT: Or lose snowball fights...
 
THE FIRST LADY: Let's also take time to pay tribute to those who have given our country so much. Go to JoiningForces.gov to see how you can serve the troops, veterans, and military families in your community.
 
And together, we can show them just how grateful we are for their sacrifice. That's a tradition we all can embrace-today and every day.
 
THE PRESIDENT: So on behalf of Malia, Sasha, Bo, Sunny, and everyone here at the White House-Merry Christmas. May God bless our troops and their families. And may God bless you all with peace and joy in the year ahead.

A team of astronomers led by Tomoharu Oka, a professor at Keio University in Japan, has found an enigmatic gas cloud, called CO-0.40-0.22, only 200 light years away from the center of the Milky Way. What makes CO-0.40-0.22 unusual is its surprisingly wide velocity dispersion: the cloud contains gas with a very wide range of speeds. The team found this mysterious feature with two radio telescopes, the Nobeyama 45-m Telescope in Japan and the ASTE Telescope in Chile, both operated by the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan. To investigate the detailed structure, the team observed CO-0.40-0.22 with the Nobeyama 45-m Telescope again to obtain 21 emission lines from 18 molecules. The results show that the cloud has an elliptical shape and consists of two components: a compact but low density component with a very wide velocity dispersion of 100 km/s, and a dense component extending 10 light years with a narrow velocity dispersion. 
 
What makes this velocity dispersion so wide? There are no holes inside of the cloud. Also, X-ray and infrared observations did not find any compact objects. These features indicate that the velocity dispersion is not caused by a local energy input, such as supernova explosions.
 
The team performed a simple simulation of gas clouds flung by a strong gravity source. In the simulation, the gas clouds are first attracted by the source and their speeds increase as they approach it, reaching maximum at the closest point to the object. After that the clouds continue past the object and their speeds decrease. The team found that a model using a gravity source with 100 thousand times the mass of the Sun inside an area with a radius of 0.3 light years provided the best fit to the observed data. "Considering the fact that no compact objects are seen in X-ray or infrared observations," Oka, the lead author of the paper that appeared in the Astrophysical Journal Letters, explains "as far as we know, the best candidate for the compact massive object is a black hole."
 
If that is the case, this is the first detection of an intermediate mass black hole. Astronomers already know about two sizes of black holes: stellar-mass black holes, formed after the gigantic explosions of very massive stars; and supermassive black holes (SMBH) often found at the centers of galaxies. The mass of SMBH ranges from several million to billions of times the mass of the Sun. A number of SMBHs have been found, but no one knows how the SMBHs are formed. One idea is that they are formed from mergers of many intermediate mass black holes. But this raises a problem because so far no firm observational evidence for intermediate mass black holes has been found. If the cloud CO-0.40-0.22, located only 200 light years away from Sgr A* (the 400 million solar mass SMBH at the center of the Milky Way), contains an intermediate mass black hole, it might support the intermediate mass black hole merger scenario of SMBH evolution.
 
These results open a new way to search for black holes with radio telescopes. Recent observations have revealed that there are a number of wide-velocity-dispersion compact clouds similar to CO-0.40-0.22. The team proposes that some of those clouds might contain black holes. A study suggested that there are 100 million black holes in the Milky Way Galaxy, but X-ray observations have only found dozens so far. Most of the black holes may be "dark" and very difficult to see directly at any wavelength. "Investigations of gas motion with radio telescopes may provide a complementary way to search for dark black holes" said Oka. "The on-going wide area survey observations of the Milky Way with the Nobeyama 45-m Telescope and high-resolution observations of nearby galaxies using the Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA) have the potential to increase the number of black hole candidates dramatically."

The waterfall behind our house at the lower end of Lake Edenwold is a thundering cascade of spring runoff from the melting snows of winter. It's been a three-week drum roll leading up to today, when the cymbal will crash and the earth will arrive at that point in its orbit around the sun where it will be light for as many hours as it will be dark.
 
Today is really the celestial climax to a prelude whose crescendo has been growing now for a month in the forests and lakes all around us. Beginning in late February and through the month of March on my Saturday morning hikes through the lower Highlands, I have watched spring slowly unfold before my eyes.
 
A pair of hooded mergansers suddenly appeared on our lake earlier this month and I heard the unmistakable call of a wood duck. Several thousand feet overhead, an enormous, migratory flock of Canada geese undulated like strands of limp black thread suspended against a steel gray sky; their wild honking clearly audible in spite of the flock's altitude.
 
Just a little more than one week ago, as I came to a place in the woods where the forest suddenly yields to what is a wild flower meadow in the late spring and summer, the bare trees were filled with hundreds of red-winged blackbirds, their cacophonous chatter filling the otherwise still morning air. It was an eerie harbinger of spring, reminiscent of the Alfred Hitchcock movie "The Birds." Later that same afternoon, a small flock of cedar waxwings, another migratory species of songbirds stopped for a rest in a nearby tree only two blocks from our house.
 
Man has always been fascinated with the arrival of spring. King Solomon weighed in on it when he wrote these words from his "Song" in the Old Testament: "See! The winter is past; the rains are over and gone. Flowers appear on the earth; the season of singing has come, the cooing of doves is heard in our land. The fig tree forms its early fruit; the blossoming vines spread their fragrance."
 
The arrival of spring has always marked a rebirth of sorts, not just for nature but also for us humans. It is a time of awakening, a time to forget the old and to embrace the new.
 
For most kids it's simply a time when they can play outside longer, riding their new bicycles and skateboards or shooting hoops in driveway basketball courts. For some adults it can be a serious time, a release from the seasonal depression caused by the reduced hours of sunlight during the dark months of winter.
 
But for most of us, it is a release from the mundane things that after three months have added up to the point where we are all just ready for a change. You know: things like having to wear layers of heavy clothing, white-knuckle drives to work on icy roads, and leaving home mornings in the dark only to drive back home again in darkness later the same afternoon.
 
The crocus and daffodils will soon start peeking their heads above last year's pine bark nuggets and what's left of the winter snow still piled in the beds under the white pines out by the road.
 
They are yet another prelude to the appearance of more flowers and birds: the warblers and the tanagers that will shortly appear in the trees around my home.
 
I can't wait to inhale the aromas of things like the warming earth, new mown grass, and fresh piles of damp cedar mulch. And I am looking forward to that first morning when I can sit outside on my deck with a cup of coffee and feel comfortable without having to don a fleece or a heavy woolen shirt.
 
Whatever your passion in life, take time like the busy King Solomon to pause from it for a moment over the next few weeks and just sit and watch and enjoy the spectacle of spring unfold before your eyes.
 
And give thanks.

The man cocked his rifle and directed it at my chest. I was just about to pull out my gun when I felt a sharp pain in my torso. I was trying to see where the man was, but ended up seeing nothing but my own blood...
 
"Joey, Joey," said a mysterious voice. I opened my eyes with a struggle.
 
"What happened?" I asked.
 
"You were shaking and sweating like crazy. And saying something like, 'No, please don't shoot me!' and stuff like that," said Steve.
 
"Uh," I groaned as I turned over and belched on Steve's shoes.
 
"Hey!" screamed Steve, "Those are my new Nike Air shoes!"
 
"where are we anyways?" I asked.
 
"We're waiting for our ship to get ready, duh!"
 
I nearly forgot. Both Steve and I were taking a cruise to Iceland.
 
"The Great White is to departure to Iceland!" shouted the P.A.
 
"That's our cue!" I shouted in excitement, "Iceland, here we come!"
 
"Toilet, here I come..." I groaned as I fumbled my way down the aisles of the ship.
 
"I told you not to eat too much food and then run around like a lunatic!" shouted Steve. "People these days," he mumbled, "what they do for attention."
 
"Passengers, we are just 1 hour away from reaching Iceland," said the P.A, "would all passengers please stay seated for the next hour."
 
"I hope they have a built in toilet in each seat," I said nervously, "because I feel another load coming on."
 
"Don't worry Joey, just keep thinking about-," he was cut short by a violent shake.
 
"What was that?" I asked.
 
"Evacuate! Evacuate! We've just hit an iceberg! Evacuate! Evacuate!" shouted the P.A. And in the blink of an eye, everyone was up on their feet and running towards the lifeboats at the sides of the ship.
 
"Come on Joey! Let's get out of here!" shouted Steve. I ran as fast as I could, while dodging all of the flying furniture coming towards me. I huffed and puffed as I ran up the platform of the ship, which was becoming more and more vertical with each passing second. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw several tables tumbling towards Steve.
 
"Steve!" I shouted, "Watch out!" But it was too late. By the time Steve had turned around and faced me, the tables had already collided into him and sent him rolling down the platform. "Steve! No!" I shouted as I watched him being sucked down into the water. I stood there, helplessly, just staring after him. And then I remembered that I had to get out of this ship, or else I'd end up like Steve. So I jumped for my last chance at life. I grabbed a pole and held on fast. And then in a flash, my legs pushed me off of the pole and I splashed in the water. I surfaced, and watched as The Great White slowly sank into the unknown secrets of the Waterworld...
 
I grunted with effort as I pulled myself into an abandoned raft. I looked around me in the raft, I see nothing but canned food and mold. "Oh well," I sigh, "at least there's food." I quickly change my mind when I open a can. It was filled with nothing but mold. I take a look at my surroundings, nothing but endless water, endless oceans, endless nightmares. I just can't place Steve's death out of my mind. It just doesn't seem fair, that he had to die at such a young age. I don't even know how I'm surviving. I don't even know how I'm going to survive.
 
During evening the next day, there was a violent rumble, and a big swooshing sound. I turned and looked through my binoculars. There, in the distance, was a humongous tsunami headed my way. Boom! I jumped. I looked up to see the clouds darkening and the lightning illuminating the endless sky. "Great," I said, "just like salt can't go without pepper, tsunamis can't go without a storm." I returned my glance to the tsunami, and even though it was still far away, I was terrified of it. I took my paddle and started to move out of the tsunami's path. There it was again, the swooshing noise. I turned my glance towards to where the sound came from. There, dead ahead, was a monster wave taller than Harbor Center, and longer than a train, rushing in my direction. I just watched it, terrified of its massive size, its thundering noise, and, its rushing speed. Fortunately for me, the tsunami didn't crash until about 400 metres away from me. Unfortunately for me, the wave was so powerful that it created an abundance of smaller tsunamis. I was terrified as a tiny tsunami demolished my raft and sent me flying through the air. Splash! I landed in the freezing water, and saw nothing but tsunamis crashing and clashing together. I couldn't move, not because I was numb, but because I was too scared. I couldn't even feel my body anymore. "Oh no," I thought, "I'm getting hypothermia. I'm going to die." I watched the tsunami thunder in my path, "Oh well," I thought, "at least I'll all my problems will go away when I die." Now the tsunami was only a kilometre away, and was coming closer with each passing second. "Good-bye world, good-bye life, good-bye Steve," I said as the tsunami was only a few seconds from tearing me apart.

A man may usually be known by the books he reads as well as by the company he keeps; for there is a companionship of books as well as of men; and one should always live in the best company, whether it be of books or of men.

A good book may be among the best of friends. It is the same today that it always was, and it will never change. It is the most patient and cheerful of companions. It does not turn its back upon us in times of adversity or distress. It always receives us with the same kindness; amusing and instructing us in youth, and comforting and consoling us in age.

Men often discover their affinity to each other by the mutual love they have for a book just as two persons sometimes discover a friend by the admiration which both entertain for a third. There is an old proverb, ¡®Love me, love my dog.¡± But there is more wisdom in this:¡± Love me, love my book.¡± The book is a truer and higher bond of union. Men can think, feel, and sympathize with each other through their favorite author. They live in him together, and he in them.

A good book is often the best urn of a life enshrining the best that life could think out; for the world of a man¡¯s life is, for the most part, but the world of his thoughts. Thus the best books are treasuries of good words, the golden thoughts, which, remembered and cherished, become our constant companions and comforters.

Books possess an essence of immortality. They are by far the most lasting products of human effort. Temples and statues decay, but books survive. Time is of no account with great thoughts, which are as fresh today as when they first passed through their author¡¯s minds, ages ago. What was then said and thought still speaks to us as vividly as ever from the printed page. The only effect of time have been to sift out the bad products; for nothing in literature can long survive e but what is really good.

Books introduce us into the best society; they bring us into the presence of the greatest minds that have ever lived. We hear what they said and did; we see the as if they were really alive; we sympathize with them, enjoy with them, grieve with them; their experience becomes ours, and we feel as if we were in a measure actors with them in the scenes which they describe.

The great and good do not die, even in this world. Embalmed in books, their spirits walk abroad. The book is a living voice. It is an intellect to which on still listens.
